one of my favorite kinds of hunts is to
just get away from it all make a little
camp and spend a couple days in the
backcountry for me what works best is a
campsite like this one that I can
actually drive right into saves me some
time and and I can bring everything I'm
going to need and even more all the
comforts of home
I can set up my camp and relax um and
and head out into the woods now this
Dodge outdoorsman truck easily was able
to haul in everything I was going to
need and it has great off-road
capability came right in here to this
little backcountry spot where I'm going
to make my camp there's a little
hideaway boxes on both sides in the back
seat so I'm going to go ahead and put my
carry gun this box and I carry it with
me when I'm hunting in this afternoon be
in here safe and secure these RAM boxes
are just a great innovation not only can
you store your belongings out of sight
out of mind and under lock and key but
it also doubles as a cooler because
there's a drain in the bottom here you
can easily clean it out when you're all
done makes for great tailgating or or
just taking some cold beverages long you
can let them take long to set up camp
and I'm all comfortable here now anxious
to get out in the woods to go hunting
but first I'm going to get on my email
and make sure no crisis aren't important
things are going on at home and what the
RAM outdoorsman truck that's easy to do
to stay connected even when you're out
here in the backcountry because the one
feature of the outdoorsman is the
UConnect
and that's a communications feature that
has Wi-Fi and can connect you to other
kinds of devices as well so
for people like me who just can't stay
off their computer we can anywhere
within a hundred feet of the truck more
or less will get Wi-Fi you can look at
the internet check your email whatever
and then I'll be all done and then I'm
gonna head out to do what I really came
here to do now in my opinion these Ram
boxes are the very best system ever
devised for transporting firearms in a
vehicle they're locked in there safe and
secure they can't get damaged when the
boxes are even weather tight it's like
Ram and thought of everything when they
design this system
not only that but when I'm going from
camp then I can lock some valuables in
the RAM box out of sight nice and secure
have peace of mind that they'll be here
when I get back